
o Create the main menu.

o Add a megaman style explode animation
to the character when something fell on him.

o Add the animations


o Add the button mashing to the boxers
ultimate - NEXT(1) 


o Allow direct P2P Matches, allow users
to limit the ammount of people who can
join the P2P Match/free for all to
a maximum of 8 (NEXT).

o Implement a team battle, have 
the character's online controller operate
 a coroutine that sends out the players
final score, wait for 5 seconds (giving it
time to get everyone's scores) and then
send another get request that returns
the final verdict (the server compile
the team's scores and determine the winner, 
if your name is in the losing team, you get
sent a 'loser' response) 

IMPLEMENT THE FRONT END FOR THE TEAM
BATTLE NOW (NOW)

o Also, edit the send_mets function to 
look in the upper4 if the character is
in team B and vice versa for A(NEXT 1)
BTW - the code for someone looking for a new team room is 
'team-1'.

o On the lobby screen, 
Implement a side pannel where
you can see the people waiting
with thier usernames (NEXT)

o Sometime in the future update the site and add:

	o Option to upload profile pic.

	o Add news column

	o Add a profile section that allows
	you to see your wins/losses.


o Make it so that the when the column
reaches a certain number, the column
deletes it's blocks, restaring (NEXT [1]).


o make a gameover animation by deleting
the ground beneath the blocks to create
a falling effect 

o To fix last man standing, give it a countdown
of 10 mins, and if you're both still alive
then highest score wins.

o  Add pause.

o Finish box's ultimate (NEXT).


---------------- (LATER, AFTER RELEASE) --------------------

o create a dictionary object, initially
set it as empty. this will be a dict that
tracks how many blocks are touching each other, for ex:
{red: 4, //this means 4 reds are touching in the column
blue: 0,
etc...}

And only renew/update with new values this object when a 
function (UP_Dict maybe) is called by a block that was destroyed
in that column. The freshly updated version will now be 
used as a pre-state of sorts, and make the blocks no longer
have the time window float for touching after a detonation, 
have the column handle it by setting self check on its blocks
to true if the state has change from previous, so for example:
after a blow up, the state has yellows touching as 0 ({yell: 0...})
but after a few seconds, 2 yellows touch ({yell: 2}), now this
will trigger the column to call check() on the designated blocks (think
of the for loop that looks for blocks above the exploded one, this
is an array of those above blocks)

o Add puzzle creator mode.

o Implement quick jab for box. It's the one 
that reshuffles the order of the blocks. 
we can achieve this by setting up 2 raycasts
on the block that was punched, have 1 that
points all the way up for 3 blocks, and all
the way left. So here's the algo:

Set up left ray casts on ALL blocks, the
upper blocks and the punched block, create
an array **ON** the punched block and return 
the results of teh left raycast to the 
punched block, now we have a huge array
of blocks. We can now shake them, find
2 random blocks in the array, swap em, 
remove em, keep repeating till it's
empty. (NEXT [2])

o TELL PEOPLE HOW THEY CAN DO
DIFFERENT THINGS WITH THE PAINTER (FORMELY
CALLED SPIDER), such as, exploding one ajancent
block (left or right), then deploying which
will give a wierd effect.




